Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, do you remember during the process of integrated Firebase, we made our package name unique.
But the problem is, this is not the only place where the package name is been used.
So since we have changed it over here, we need to also change it in the rest of the FY.
So in this lecture, that is what we're going to be doing.
Okay.
Now to change this package name, to use what we have over here, we need to go to the source.
Source and debug.
I think we have it over here as well.
The book and you can see or you can see it still has the example.
So what we can do is we can just copy this to make sure we don't have any has.
I'm trying to see.
Okay.
And we can now get rid of this.
Get rid of this and paste and then use contra and say, okay, we've done for the the work.
We also have it in the main.
Main.
Got lean.
You can see with a bit of air.
Okay.
This is it as well.
We need to get rid of this.
And here's this.
And then use control and this to save.
As well.
We do have it in the race.
Okay.
This over here.
If you can see, we can then.
Okay.
You can share and save.
I'm just going to make sure we don't have it somewhere else again, I think as well.
Profi.
Okay.
Now we can then get rid of this.
And use control and this to save.
Okay.
We had do it for we changed it for the bug.
You can see now it was calm example that some of this co had before.
Okay and as well we did for this.
I don't think we have it like that in Java.
Vicki Cassidy.
Okay.
We did for us as well.
And as all we did for.